Documentation for `i18n` settings and the `<Dropdown />` component (#193)
newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic: packages/gatsby-theme-newrelic/README.md

            },
          },
        },
        i18n: {

>           additionalLocales: [{ name: 'Japanese', locale: 'jp' }],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          additionalLocales: [{ name: '日本語', locale: 'jp' }],
```

It might be best to encourage the localized name for this.

**Default**: `{ policy: [{ userAgent: '*', allow: '/' }] }`

#### `i18n`

Optional configuration for internationalization (i18n). `additionalLocales` can be supplied to add support for languages other than English (the default language). Each locale needs a `name` (used for display in the UI) and a `locale` (used by Gatsby and display in the UI on smaller screens).

These values are used to generate locale-specific pages and to populate a dropdown in the `<GlobalHeader />` component.

**Example**

```js
{
  i18n: {
    additionalLocales: [

>       { name: 'Japanese', locale: 'jp' },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      { name: '日本語', locale: 'jp' },
```

);
```

### `Dropdown`

> Used in combination with [`Dropdown.Toggle`](#dropdowntoggle), [`Dropdown.Menu`](#dropdownmenu), and [`Dropdown.MenuItem`](#dropdownmenuitem) to create dropdown menus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used in combination with [`Dropdown.Toggle`](#dropdowntoggle), [`Dropdown.Menu`](#dropdownmenu), and [`Dropdown.MenuItem`](#dropdownmenuitem) to create a dropdown.
```

```js
import { Dropdown } from '@newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic';
```

**Props**

| Prop       | Type | Required | Default | Description                                                                    |
| ---------- | ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `align`    | enum | no       | "left"  | The position of the menu arrow. \*Must be either `left`, `right`, or `center`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `align`    | enum | no       | "left"  | The position of the menu arrow. Must be either `left`, `right`, or `center`. |
```

| `children` | node | yes      |         | Components used for the dropdown.                                              |

```jsx
import { DropDown, Button } from '@newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic';

const Example = (
  <Dropdown align="right">
    <Dropdown.Toggle variant={Button.VARIANT.NORMAL}>Menu</Dropdown.Toggle>
    <Dropdown.Menu>
      <Dropdown.MenuItem>Item 1</Dropdown.MenuItem>
      <Dropdown.MenuItem>Item 2</Dropdown.MenuItem>
      <Dropdown.MenuItem>Item 3</Dropdown.MenuItem>
    </Dropdown.Menu>
  </Dropdown>
);
```

#### `Dropdown.Toggle`

Used within a [`Dropdown`](#dropdown) component to render a button that can toggle whether or not the dropdown menu is visible.

**Props**

| Prop       | Type | Required | Default | Description                                                          |
| ---------- | ---- | -------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `size`     | enum | no       |         | The `size` prop for the underlying [`Button`](#button) component.    |
| `variant`  | enum | yes      |         | The `variant` prop for the underlying [`Button`](#button) component. |

> | `children` | node | no       |         | Text or component used to render the toggle, in addition to an icon. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `children` | node | no       |         | Content used to render the toggle |
```

Children can be whatever you want, there aren't really rules. I made this a bit more generic since there isn't really an "icon" you render unless you pull it in yourself.

#### `Dropdown.Menu`

Used within a [`Dropdown`](#dropdown) component to render the _menu_ that is shown when the dropdown is open.

**Props**

| Props      | Type | Required | Default | Description                                      |
| ---------- | ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | `children` | node | yes      |         | Sub-components used to create the dropdown menu. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `children` | node | yes      |         | Content rendered inside the dropdown menu. Should consist of `Dropdown.MenuItem` components. |
```

Made this a bit more specific as to what kind of children this expects rather than just "sub components".

#### `Dropdown.MenuItem`

Used within a [`Dropdown.Menu`](#dropdownmenu) component (within a [`Dropdown`](#dropdown) component) to render an individual dropdown menu item.

**Props**

| Props      | Type     | Required | Default | Description                                                                     |
| ---------- | -------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `href`     | string   | no       |         | A path that, if supplied, will be used as a [`Link`](#link).                    |
| `onClick`  | function | no       |         | An optional click event handler that is triggerd when the component is clicked. |

> | `children` | node     | yes      |         | Text or component used to render the toggle, in addition to an icon.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `children` | node     | yes      |         | Content for the `MenuItem`.            |
```

Looks like this was referring to the toggle. The `icon` isn't really a thing here unless someone used it as part of `children`.
